- Previously on
"The Hunting Party"...
- It's called the Pit.
It's home
to the most dangerous
and violent criminals
in history.
all of whom the world
believes are dead.
Or at least it was.
until the blast hit.
- It doesn't matter what we
think we know about Lazarus.
Without definitive proof
that she was involved
in the attack on the convoy.
we have nothing.
- Then we get something.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- All right.
so you live around here?
- Yeah. just up ahead.
- Oh.
- You don't want to. maybe--
I mean. I could--
I could show it to if you want.
- Yeah.
Let's go.
- Oh. pfft.
Wow. your place is.
uh. eclectic.
What are we drinking?
I got something good.
Don't you go anywhere.
- Oh. I won't.
Promise.
- I got this on a trip to
Santiago Matatlán in Oaxaca.
It's supposed to be
the mezcal capital--
whoa.
- Oh. come on.
Don't get shy on me now.
Party's just getting started.
- You know. I've--
I've actually
never done this before.
- Ugh. lucky you.
You'll never forget your first.
- Uh...
- Oh. come on.
Mm. my God.
your heart's racing.
Come on. just try it.
- Yeah.
Let's party.
Oh. my God.
Oh. this is so hot.
Oh. you are so hot.
What--
what are you doing?
- It makes everything feel
so much better.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You trust me?
- Anyone going to offer me
a glass of water?
In case anyone forgot.
I was shot not long ago.
- That's great.
We're going to deal
with this first.
- I was following orders.
How about you?
- Orders from Lazarus?
That means you think the hit
on the convoy's sanctioned.
Never mind Noah Cyrus. Peck.
U.S. soldiers
were killed in that attack.
And I promise you.
not even Lazarus
can protect you from that.
We can. possibly.
When this breaks. it's going
to be a hell of a mess.
and you can either be buried
under it alongside her.
or we can make a deal.
and you can avoid
the firing squad.
OK. we know that Lazarus
hit the convoy as a pretext
to assume control
of prisoner transport.
We also know that she's already
moved some of the inmates.
What we want to know right now
is where she's moved them
and why.
- You know. Oliver used
to talk about you.
I told you he and I crossed
a few years back.
Well. I may have undersold
that just a little.
We met in Damascus
when he first signed up.
working a job for the colonel.
- He already told me
about the hit squad.
- He was crazy about you. Bex.
Losing you. that was all
that he cared about.
Now. if he didn't tell you
the truth.
what makes you think
that I will?
- All right. that's enough.
Bex. I don't think
he's gonna talk.
I'll get some jumper cables
and a battery out of the SUV.
We'll do this
the old-fashioned way.
- No. he's gonna do
the right thing.
Unfortunately. not because
it's the right thing.
but because he knows
what happens
when we take Lazarus down.
don't you. Peck?
People who know too much.
they don't go to prison.
- We got a hit.
- This ought to be interesting.
How are you gonna
explain my absence?
- Well. you know.
you've been shot.
You need to recuperate.
All right.
we need a babysitter.
Who do we trust?
Ben Jones.
- All right.
let's get him down here.
- I'll call him.
- Jen.
I'm sorry.
- It's called the Jungle.
It spans 12 city blocks.
east side of Boston.
of encampments. crime.
and semi-legal drug use.
- What exactly is "semi-legal?"
- Means that local cops
have stopped policing it.
Cities like to call them
consumption sites.
It's supposed to keep
all the drugs in one spot.
- Never works out that way.
though.
Not to mention.
it's a great place to lay low
if you're an inmate on the run.
- So who's our girl here?
- Inmate G-21--
Nancy Albright.
- Should have known.
Nancy was a drug addict
who would get high
with her victims
before killing them.
usually in a post-erotic act
of physical violence.
- That means after they--
- No. I--I got it.
- She would target wealthy men.
men whose lifestyle
she wanted for herself.
She would seduce them.
go home with them.
And then when all
was said and done.
she would grab as much cash
as she could and take off.
She would go on to do this
13 more times
before finally
getting arrested.
- You said she robbed their
victims after she killed them?
Is that just
an afterthought then?
- The drugs and money were part
and parcel with the addiction.
- Yeah. needs the money
to get the drugs.
- The murder part. though.
she enjoyed that.
- Plane's ready.
Let's roll.
- All right.
- Hey. Bex?
Just so you know.
I don't believe him.
If Oliver knew what Lazarus
was really up to.
he would have told you.
and if he didn't.
he would have had
a really good reason.
- Yeah. maybe.
You good?
- Yeah.
I'm always good with the truth.
- OK.
- It's all about control.
Voilà.
- OK. Nance.
OK. I see ya.
- Steady hands.
What can I say?
- You know. if I lose.
I'm blaming it on the caffeine
because you haven't touched
your coffee.
Must be your secret
to those steady hands. huh?
- I'll never tell.
- You know.
you just have to focus and--
find the--
- Mmm.
Hey. hi.
Hey.
Wake up.
Sammy.
Hey.
- There we go.
Oh. yeah.
You're going to want
to be awake for this.
No. no.
- Just try to enjoy this. OK?
- No. stop!
No. what are you doing?
What are you doing?
- I'm gonna kill you!
Give me my medicine!
You promised!
Please. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to yell.
I'm sorry.
I just--
please. just give me
my medicine.
I need it.
I'm dying.
- You're not dying. Nancy.
You're healing.
It's a process.
- We don't intend
to make you suffer.
Talk to me. and
I'll give you what you want.
OK. OK.
What do you want to talk about?
- Why don't you start
at the beginning?
Who was the first person
you killed?
- The beginning.
OK. OK.
Uh. the first person I killed.
I actually really liked him--
Todd.
Todd was his name.
- What did you like about him?
- Um. he was handsome.
He smelled really nice.
He was sweet.
- What changed?
- Nothing.
It's just sweet didn't scratch
the itch. you know?
- Tell me more about that.
- He was so alive.
I could feel his heart beating.
pumping.
And I just wanted it to stop.
And. you know. the first thing
I noticed when--
when I cut his throat
was that his heart
got slower and slower.
and mine just started racing.
It was a high like no other.
- That's very good. Nancy.
- Give me what you promised.
Give me what you promised!
Now!
- Wait. they didn't actually
give her drugs. did they?
- 100 milligrams medical-grade
morphine sulfate.
- Wait. is this for real?
- Yes.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
I swear. today's
the last time. OK?
I just really need it.
- If your treatment
was a success.
you may find this experience
less than satisfying.
- What?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean.
my treatment?
What is this?
Why can't I feel anything?
What did you do to me?
No. no!
- What the hell was that?
What. so they didn't
give her drugs?
That was just a placebo?
- Mm. they did all right.
But two days
before the session.
Dr. Moody gave her
an experimental drug
called MCAM Plus.
- MCAM?
It's an opioid antagonist.
Fries the brain's
drug receptors.
- So she couldn't have gotten
high even if she wanted to?
- I mean. it's a temporary fix.
I know guys who've used it
to get sober.
But I think one injection
only lasts like a month or so.
- Actually.
this is a new formulation.
According to treatment records.
the Pit's version is permanent.
- Permanent?
You're saying The Pit actually
found a way to cure addiction?
Wow.
This might be the first time
I'm actually torn
on the ethics of this place.
- Considering they forced it
upon Nancy.
I wouldn't feel too good
about it.
I mean. it might have
stopped the high.
but clearly it didn't
stop the cravings.
- We'll have to put a pin
in that.
Morales just got a hit
on Nancy dumping a body.
Early word is
this was an overdose.
- It could be Nancy's
using it again.
Guy ODs. she ditches
the body right where
no one's gonna ask
any questions.
Thank you.
- Maybe.
- Excuse me.
Hassani. Henderson. Florence.
DEA.
You're the ME?
- DEA. huh?
You guys are here early.
Usually takes a report
and a couple of weeks
to get you out here.
- Yeah. we're trying
something new.
What can you tell us?
- Vic's name is Sammy Bates.
He doesn't look like
your typical resident
here in The Jungle.
though. so I'm guessing
he and some others
were partying.
went a little too hard.
His friends packed him up.
dumped him here instead
of facing drug charges.
- I imagine that happens
a lot around here. huh?
- More than I'd like.
We'll know more when
I get him back to my office.
But I can already tell you with
a high degree of certainty.
his cause of death
is acute heroin toxicity.
- Can I leave my number?
Uh. let me know
if you find anything new.
- Unlikely. but will do.
- OK. so what are we thinking?
- Nancy got high
with her previous victims.
but she never OD'd
her victims before.
She enjoyed the power
of physical violence.
- Maybe she's out of practice.
Gave him too much too fast.
- Well. either way.
it's clear
it didn't happen here.
So we should check out
the victim's place.
see if we can dig anything up.
- Uh. go ahead.
Send me the address.
Let me know
if you find anything.
- Hold on. where are you going?
- To get a coffee.
- The three of us
got sober together
at a recovery program
in Providence.
- And then you moved to Boston?
- Yeah.
That's how we met Sammy.
At the meetings.
- When's the last time
you saw him?
- Two days ago.
He stopped coming
to the meetings.
so we all decided to check in
on him together.
One of us should have
stayed with him.
- Why did he stop going
to the meetings?
Was he using again?
- I didn't see anything.
- How long was he sober?
- Four years.
It's like they say.
you're always in recovery.
never recovered.
Got to stay vigilant.
- Look. I know this is
really hard to talk about.
so I'm sorry.
I got to ask. did Sammy ever
mention this woman. Nancy?
- Doesn't look familiar.
- Ah. I've never
seen her before.
- Me neither.
- You know. my mom always used
to talk about her sobriety
like apple pie.
When it was good.
it was really good.
When it was bad.
still pretty damn good.
How long have you guys
been sober?
- Uh. we all just
celebrated two years.
- We got sober together.
and we stay clean together.
- That's huge.
Congrats. guys.
That's something
to be proud of.
- How about your mom?
- 25 years.
And no matter where she was.
no matter how stressed.
no matter how anxious.
she would always
find a meeting.
It's tough to lose a friend.
It won't just be tough today.
- This is the place.
- Thank you.
- Uh. you mind hanging
back here for a minute?
- Course.
- Thanks.
- Sammy was a good kid.
you know?
A good tenant.
- Well. he clearly
wasn't alone.
- No.
If Sammy wanted to get high.
why did Nancy need
to tie him up?
- Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever seen this person?
- Uh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
I've seen her
come and go a few times.
Pretty thing. huh?
Don't know her name.
She was Sammy's. uh.
what do you call it?
Uh. sponsor.
- Wait.
She was his sponsor?
- When I moved here
from Wyoming.
I wasn't sure
what kind of program
I would find here in Boston.
And to be honest with you.
I never thought that
I'd be able to find
a place that I can call home.
But you guys have all
welcomed me from the start.
treated me like
one of your own.
And I am so honored
to be celebrating
nine years of sobriety
with everyone here today.
I know this isn't easy.
but I promise we can walk
this road of recovery together.
And if anyone needs help.
please don't hesitate to ask.
Thank you.
- Um. it's just been
a really hard couple of years
since my grandpa died.
He's like a father to me.
you know?
- Grief can be
a really strong trigger.
You know you're not alone.
right. Lila?
- Right.
Listen.
Thank you for agreeing
to be my sponsor.
I feel like. I don't know.
I don't really connect
with most of the people
at these meetings.
but hearing your story.
I feel like you'll understand.
- Well. that's why we share.
you know?
You know. and. look.
it's just one day at a time.
We're gonna help you get
through this together.
I promise.
Right now...
I am--
I'm late for work.
So are you gonna be good?
- Yeah.
Yeah. for the first time
in a while. I think so.
- So. hey. why don't we. um--
why don't we grab. like.
a movie together later.
Sound good?
- Totally. yeah.
that'd be cool.
- Cool.
- OK. so Nancy is acting
as a sponsor.
which means they would have met
at an NA meeting.
- OK. but that doesn't
make any sense.
I mean. why take the time
to build that kind
of relationship just to kill
somebody with an overdose?
- You said her kills were
about power and agency. right?
Maybe it's a part
of all of that.
Forcing somebody
in recovery to OD
sounds like the ultimate
power move to me.
Look. I know we deal with
some messed up stuff.
but targeting a recovering
addict. I mean. that's--
- Dark.
- These people have finally
found the courage
to ask for help. and this
is what they get in return?
I mean. come on. she's preying
on the most vulnerable types
of people that she can find.
- Not to mention.
an addict dying of an overdose
isn't going to spark
a murder investigation.
- Yeah.
- All right. she's using NA
meetings to find her victims.
She's going to do it again.
I just spoke to three
of Sammy's friends.
They all gave me the address
to the same meeting
that they attend.
But none of them recognized
Nancy. none of them.
- A lot of people go to
more than one meeting.
- Yeah. and in
a city this size.
there's bound to be hundreds.
- I have an idea.
Come pick me up.
- I'm sorry.
I wish I could help.
but the information
you're asking for
just isn't available.
- OK. I don't think
you're appreciating this.
She is using your meetings
as a cover to target victims.
- Look. we really need
to get the word out
before she has time
to strike again.
- I--I hear you. I really do.
but our meetings
are an informal network.
you understand?
These groups govern themselves
anonymously.
We don't have
centralized records.
I mean. even the people
working here.
they're all volunteers.
We just don't have
the infrastructure
to do what you're asking.
I mean.
outside of knocking on doors.
- Bex?
What is it?
- Guys. she's here.
- Nancy!
Get out of the way!
Stay out of the way!
- Got nothing.
She's gone.
- This is beyond embarrassing.
The idea that one
of my own volunteers
could be involved in this
crime spree is just appalling.
- Look. we get that you
don't have the information
about your meetings. but
you must have some paperwork
about your volunteers.
- Yes. of course.
Right this way.
- Hey. check this out.
- That's a lot of heroin for
someone who can't use drugs.
- This is how we catch her.
- Dealer's name
is Gregory White.
Goes by "Zebra."
- Classy.
- He's got a long history
of drug charges.
petty theft.
one assault charge.
He has an associate.
Clifton Arnold.
that he uses as muscle.
- Look. if Nancy isn't
actually doing heroin anymore.
we're sure she's going
to make another buy?
- Shane was right.
She ditched the stash
when she ran.
She's going to need to re-up
if she wants to keep killing.
MCAM Plus might have cured
her chemical dependence.
but her real
addiction is murder.
The high that she gets
from killing.
that's what
she's actually after.
- Wow. well. a--
nice place you got here.
- Thanks.
You OK?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm just--
had a long day.
Do you live here alone?
- Uh. it's my parents'.
But they're usually at their
place in the Berkshires.
- Oh. wow.
I mean. I'm sure they're
really proud of you.
You're doing the hard work
of getting sober.
Plus. clearly they trust you
to stay here all by yourself.
- Yeah. I guess so.
- Yeah.
Do you still want
to go to the movies?
I mean. I totally understand
if you're not--
- You know what?
Actually. I think
I've got a better idea.
- Florence.
you all right back there?
- You think all psychopathy
can boil down to something
like that?
Like. I don't know.
the killers we chase
have an addiction?
Cure that. cure them?
- No. I think Nancy
was a one-off.
Look. I know
it's hard finding out
the truth about
your biological mother.
but Lazarus was--
- Just another psychopath
from the Pit.
Oh. I know.
I don't know. I just--
I-- I guess I was still kind of
holding out hope
for something good
to come from her.
But after seeing what Peck did.
what she ordered him to do.
killing those soldiers.
I guess I was being an idiot.
- No. you're being an optimist.
and that's a good thing.
- You know. we all hold on
to things we want to be true.
even when we know they're not.
I wear this every day because.
when it's on my finger.
I feel like
she's still with me.
Been two years
since she passed.
I still can't let her go.
In my life. love and pain
are two sides of the same coin.
Keeps spinning in the air.
and it never lands.
It just keeps turning over.
- Hassani. I'm so sorry. man.
I--I had no idea.
- Hey. whatever you're feeling
over this whole Lazarus thing.
we're gonna be there with you.
all right. brother?
The whole time.
- Thank you. buddy.
I--I appreciate that.
I really do.
- Just give me some space. man.
Jeez.
- Yeah.
Where's this chick anyway?
- Right?
Agent Henderson.
- Yes. this is Jim Francis.
the Boston Medical examiner.
I found something
you need to see.
- OK. I'll be right there.
That was the ME.
Why don't you guys
stay on Zebra?
I think it's our best chance
of finding Nancy still.
I'll catch up with you guys.
- All right.
- Copy that.
- The toxicology confirms
Mr. Bates died
of acute heroin toxicity.
- All right.
that's what you thought. no?
- Right.
but here's the strange part.
Even if he hadn't.
he would have died
from blood loss.
- Those are big track marks.
- That's because
they're not from a needle.
More likely from
central venous catheters
used for drawing blood.
- Wait. are you saying
that someone
drew his blood before he OD'd?
- I'm saying someone
drew his blood
while he was OD'ing.
- Bex.
What's up. Bex?
- Grab him.
- What?
- Zebra. the dealer.
We can't wait anymore.
Grab him.
- Well. hang on.
There's no sign of Nancy.
- No. look.
whatever she's doing.
it is worse than we thought.
I'll explain when I get there.
Just grab him. OK?
- OK.
Well.
I mean. this isn't
the kind of place
we can just pull up
in a cop car
and grab a dude off the street.
- No. we're gonna have
to isolate him.
One of us is gonna
have to buy some drugs.
Every single time.
- All right.
you pay the big guy.
Zebra will take you into
the alley for the handoff.
just like we watched him do
ten times tonight.
Once you're alone with Zebra.
we can pick him up.
- Yo. yo. what's good. fellas?
- What you want. fool?
- I'm just looking
to ride that white horse.
you know what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
I don't know you. limpy.
And I ain't got
no white horse neither.
Piss off.
- Don't let him go. Florence.
- Come on. man.
don't be like that.
No. I got--
I got--
I got money.
- He said to go.
- See...
- Oh.
- I got cash. man.
- Oh. how much
you got there. limpy?
- I got. like--
man. I got enough.
- Take our man around back.
- Uh. that's not the plan.
Don't go anywhere
with that big fella.
- Whoa. whoa. come on.
Let's just do it here.
you know?
- This ain't no negotiation.
You trying to get high or not?
- I--
- You want the smack.
go around back.
- Yeah.
- Hell nah.
- Stay right there.
Hassani?
Change of plans.
- We should have done this
in the first place.
- Yeah. now you tell me.
Ice it. elevation.
you'll be fine.
- OK. so these colors clash
just a little bit.
but. honestly.
you can pull anything off.
Thanks.
Um. sorry.
Where are we. uh--
where are we going?
- It's a surprise.
I've got you.
There you go.
- Because I--
I just. um--
- What?
What is it?
- If--
if we're going out. I just--
I haven't gone to a place
where people drink
or do drugs
since I got sober. so I--
I don't really know
if I want to--
- Hey. look. you have nothing
to worry about.
You're with your sponsor.
remember?
- You sure?
- Of course.
I wouldn't dream of putting you
in a situation
that I didn't think
you could handle.
All right?
Now it's time to get dressed.
These are your shoes.
Tonight is going to be
so much fun.
OK.
My foot.
- Let's go.
Watch your step.
Get in here.
back against the wall.
- Like I said. man.
don't look familiar.
- No? 'Cause. uh. pretty sure
she bought a brick of heroin
from you two days ago.
- Man. your man's bugged out.
Broke my nose earlier.
He concussed me.
I've been concussed.
It's probably why
I can't think straight.
- Hey. um. I'm gonna level
with you
'cause you seem like
a smart guy.
- True.
- We're not regular cops.
I'm sure you figured that out.
So we don't care about you
or your drugs.
We really just want to know
about the woman.
- All right.
I got two large slices--
meat lover's.
Plus. I got some chicken parm
in there. too--
a little extra for your buddy.
who I think's gonna be
limping for a while.
- All right. low-key.
I feel like the fog's
clearing up a little bit.
What you want to know?
- She a dealer for you?
- OK. so no.
Well. we know she's not using
'cause she's sober. so...
- Yo. you cops don't know
nothing. do you?
Nah. she ain't sober. man.
She one of them
bluetooth fiends.
- Bluetooth?
What is that?
- She got fixed. right?
She had a blocker.
Bunch of fiends
around here got it
at some rehab clinic
down in Providence.
Now. it's a permanent fix
for your average junkie. yeah?
Unless you got
that work-around.
Now. this gets
a little technical.
so I hope you could follow.
- Why don't you give us a shot?
- Now. let's say
you've been fixed.
You can't get high
because you blocked up
on that new MCAM Plus...
- There she is.
Yes. girl.
you're a total knockout!
- So you got to find somebody
who ain't fixed
and get them high first.
and you let them get sky high.
- Come over here.
I want to get a closer look.
- Let they body break
down that heroin
into all kind of adrenalines
and dopamines for you...
- So cute.
- And then you hook yo self
up to they self.
blood to blood.
and you mainline
that broken-down smack
right out of they body
straight into yours.
Bluetooth.
- Honestly. I just haven't
gone out in a long time.
But I think you're right.
It'll be fun.
- Oh. honey.
we're not going out.
- And ain't nobody more
creative at problem-solving
than the fiend
that wants to get high.
Believe that.
- You're saying you can get
high on someone else's blood?
- It's a little different.
but hell yeah.
They've been doing it
for years.
- You got to be kidding me.
- I've actually
heard about this before.
In Afghanistan. they call it.
uh. flash blooding.
Basically. when two people
can only afford one hit.
one of them gets high.
The other one draws
a syringe of their blood
and injects themselves.
Two highs for the price of one.
- Communism.
Yo. where the garlic butter
knots at. man?
- Why don't you check
the bottom of the bag?
- Ah. much love.
- Sure.
- So Nancy has figured out
a way to get high again.
- No. no. no.
It's bigger than that.
Sammy's body was nearly
drained of blood.
I'm talking
more than a syringe.
She gave him enough to--
- Come in!
- It wasn't just Nancy.
You said others got fixed.
- Mm-hmm.
Sammy's friends.
- Hey. girl!
It's so good to see you.
- Oh. my God. Lila?
- Yeah.
- You are gorgeous.
- Hey. hon.
- Ah.
- Hey. Lila.
Nancy. told us all about you.
- Nice to meet you. Lila.
Great place you have here.
- Um--
- Hey. yeah. don't worry.
We're all sober.
- His--
his friends?
- The ones from
the crime scene.
They were talking
about Providence.
I thought maybe they were just
nervous because I was a cop
or their friend died. but--
Morales. I am going to
send you three names.
I need you to put a ping
on all their cell phones. OK?
- OK. pulling them up now.
Do you need me to send
black and whites?
Are they in danger?
- No. Morales.
they are the danger.
- OK.
Got 'em.
They're all together
in the same place.
- Where?
- A house in Back Bay.
15 minutes from your location.
- This numbnuts goes.
trips. and spills
the whole damn thing
right on the guy.
- At least I didn't black out
in my own parents' hot tub.
He did that.
- OK. enough of the boys.
Lila. tell me everything
about you.
I just know we're going
to be best friends.
- Yeah. thanks.
- I love this song.
I love this.
I haven't heard this
in so long.
Come on. let's dance.
- No. I'm really not much
of a dancer. so...
- Everyone's a dancer.
Let's go.
Come on. get up.
Aw. didn't anyone ever tell you
not to take drinks
from strangers?
Hey.
- Hey. there.
Calm down.
You know. this is
nothing personal. right?
Yeah. I know.
Try to enjoy this.
Whoa!
- Whoa!
- Hey! Hey!
- Nancy. stop!
Put her down! Put her down.
- I would not get
any closer if I were you.
One jab to her carotid.
and she's dead in seconds.
- OK. take it easy. Nancy.
We don't want to have to shoot.
- Well. then back up!
- This only ends one way.
Let her go.
- You?
Oh. yeah. you.
You were at the office.
- Let her go. Nancy.
- You know. this?
All of this?
This is your fault!
I had to get creative because
of what you people did to me.
- We're not from the Pit.
We're cleaning up their mess.
Let her go!
- Hey. Nancy.
I got a pretty good shot.
Don't make me take it.
- Oh. go ahead. do it.
Go for it.
You know Lila's losing time.
right?
Her heartbeat is slowing down.
Do it!
You freaking heroes.
You're so predictable.
- Hey!
Hey. hey!
I got you. I got you.
- Don't even think about it.
- Hands on the table.
Down on the table.
- Hey. Bex. you OK?
- I'm gonna kill you.
- Yeah. I'm good.
- She's still alive.
- Morales. we got two down.
I'm going to need a paramedic
to our location right now.
- What is wrong
with you people?
- Thank you.
- She's a tough one.
- She lost a lot of blood.
but she's going to be OK.
- Hell of a day.
Well. we got Nancy.
What's going to happen to
the rest of these vampires?
- Manslaughter.
at the very least.
They got to pay for
what they've done.
- We got to get back
to Cheyenne. guys.
We have some unfinished
business with Peck.
- Listen. man.
I'm not gonna lie to you
or negotiate with you.
try to manipulate you.
because. let's be honest.
there's no coming back
from what you've done.
I mean. you're smart enough
to know that.
But what you can still do
is the right thing.
Now. Colonel Lazarus.
whatever good intentions
she may have once had.
well. she's now just acting
purely in
her own self-interest.
But do you have any idea
who she actually is?
She was an experiment. Peck.
She was an inmate from the Pit
who was released
into the military
for God knows what reason.
And what we do.
what was done down there.
that is going to come out
sooner or later.
So I think the only question
you should be asking yourself
is which side of that
do you want to be on.
- Whatever you think you know.
believe me.
it's only the half of it.
- Great.
Then enlighten us. Peck.
because from where
we're standing.
you look like the bad guy.
- You think because you've
done a little snooping.
you know something.
You have no idea
what you're into.
Yes. Lazarus had us hit
the prisoner convoy
so that she could
assume control.
And now that she's got it.
she's collecting certain
inmates in another location.
- Where is she taking them?
- She has a lab.
one that no one knows about.
She's continuing the work
that was done in the Pit.
- Peck. you need to tell us
where that lab is right now.
- I don't know the location.
But I do know that she's using
paramilitary guards
to run security
for the project.
- What project. Peck?
What is she continuing?
The Graduate Program.
The plan was never
to cure psychopathy.
The Graduate Program was
always about weaponizing it.
turning killers
into controllable assets
for field deployment.
- She's trying to turn
serial killers into weapons?
- Lazarus was the first.
But there are others.
And now she's building
an army.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today